Que1.-
Predict if a person would buy life insurance based on his age using logistic regression.
About Dataset - Age: Age of a person
bought_insurance : whether person buys Insurance or not (0 - No, 1 - Yes)
predict it for Age : 58,30,20,49,53

Dataset : insurance_data.csv

Calculate Accuracy by confusion matrix, Calculate accuracy score, precision score, recall score,f1 score, roc auc score. Also Visualize the result. Also select best parameters using gridsearchCV. 

Que2.-
In this dataset you have to predict that whether we have to give ATTORNEY to the clients or not (0=Yes, 1=No) based on below factors.
CLMAGE - Age of Client
CLMSEX - Sex of client (0=Male, 1= Female)
SEATBELT - Whether client has Seatbelt or not (0=Yes, 1=No)
CLMINSUR - Whether Client give Insurance or not (0=Yes, 1=No)
LOSS - Loss that client faced

Prepare model by using logistic regression & Also calculate Accuracy by confusion matrix, Calculate accuracy score, precision score, recall score, f1 score, roc auc score. Also Visualize the result. Also select best parameters using gridsearchCV. 

Dataset : Claimants.csv

Que3.-

The model's main purpose is to predict the 10-year risk of Coronary Heart Disease (CHD). CHD is a disease of the blood vessels supplying the heart. Heart disease has been the leading cause of death worldwide since 1921. In 2008, 7.3 million people died from CHD. 
The classification goal is to predict whether the patient has 10-year risk of future coronary heart disease (CHD).The dataset provides the patients’ information. It includes over 4,000 records and 15 attributes.
Variables
Sex: male or female(0=female, 1=male)
Age: Age of the patient
education: Some high school (1), high school/GED (2), some college/vocational school (3), college (4)
Current Smoker: whether or not the patient is a current smoker (0=No, 1=Yes)
Cigs Per Day: the number of cigarettes that the person smoked on average in one day
BP Meds: whether or not the patient was on blood pressure medication 
Prevalent Stroke: whether or not the patient had previously had a stroke (0=No, 1=Yes)
Prevalent Hyp: whether or not the patient was hypertensive (0=No, 1=Yes)
Diabetes: whether or not the patient had diabetes (0=No, 1=Yes)
Tot Chol: total cholesterol level
Sys BP: systolic blood pressure 
Dia BP: diastolic blood pressure
BMI: Body Mass Index
Heart Rate: heart rate
Glucose: glucose level

Prepare model by using logistic regression.

Also calculate Accuracy by confusion matrix, Calculate accuracy score, precision score, recall score, f1 score, roc auc score. Also Visualize the result. Also select best parameters using gridsearchCV. 

Datasets : framingham.csv
