1. i) Create a list of empids and names (10 employees).
   ii) Convert list into Series.
   iii) Convert Series into DataFrame.
   iv) a) Display all records.
      b) Display first five records.
      c) Display last five records.
   v) Save the record in csv file (MyRecord.csv)

2. Refer the dataset "Advertising.csv" and perform following tasks.
i) Read the dataset "Advertising.csv" in data frame.

ii) Print first five records of dataset.

iii) print last five records from dataset.

iv) display the column names of the dataset.

v) display last three records from dataset.

vi) display the information about the dataset.

vii) display data types of each columns.
 
viii) check for null values in the dataset and display the sum of null values inside the column.

ix) drop all null values.

x) drop a column 'radio' from a dataset and display first ten records.

xi) increase the sales by 10% and add a new column "updated_sales" in dataframe.

xii) display shape of data.

3. Refer the dataset "Salaries.csv" and perform following tasks.
i) Read the dataset in dataframe.

ii) display first five records.

iii) display first ten records.

iv) display last five records.

v) display last ten records.

vi) display the columns inside the dataset.

vii) display shape of data.

viii) describe the dataset.

ix) display the information about the dataset and analyse the data.

x) display types of each columns.

xi) Find out maximum,minimum,mean,median,standard deviation value of each column.

xii) check for null values in the dataset and display the sum of null values inside the column.

xiii) Replace all null values by mean or mode acoording to the type of column.

4. Consider each of following datasets and do below operations.
i) Read the dataset.
ii) Display first 5 and last 5 records. 
iii) Display info and describe the dataset.
iv) Find out null values.
v) Fill the null values according to their data type.
Vi) Convert catrgorical columns into numerical columns if present.

datasets:
i)   Claimants.csv
ii)  Framingham.csv
iii) Iris.csv
iv) Churn.csv